a spine of pork in a chili sauce
guajillo today Monday that is home and I'm going to
be cooking delicious and good I'll
start putting my meat I'm buying
I'm going to buy from the backbone butcher shop
of pork I love that you have this
little marrow here I like the idea of
that I have it and I'm going to put it can be
from water could I always go
to put meat to cook is from
cold water and I'm going to put it with a piece
of onion ok and if we want we can
put salt on her right now and I'm going to
cover perfectly and go to bed
for about 40 45 minutes or until
be soft if it is not going to throw me the
water, please, it's very important ok me
is going to put grain salt so that it
cook perfectly
and this list
I have here and my guajillo chile are
starting to drink a little bit and I'm going to
also make my tomatoes known
green that what happens in this is
delicious to put them to sew perfectly
well with our tomatoes to have them
they change color right now they will see
as they changed color
we are ready mango mangoes let's go
I have my meat ready and I'm going to put
purslane which I love ok now
we are ready to liquefy we are
in which the tomatoes are the ones
tomatoes together with the guajiros
especially hydrated already knows it to me
I do not like to strain but that's from his
preference and I will use the water of the
meat where my meat was cooked
backbone go down very well I'll put in
the eyes here once 48 I'll put you
food not me I did not name me
agreed on seeds and I'm going to put a
piece of onion nothing but good for
give them I will put salt from auto
paxil and cuéllar with the salt which I
It looks delicious
ok but such and such perfectly
always Mexican cuisine takes its
houses
we are good
let's say neither when it liquefies perfect
direct
well I think
if he is walking
It was too big
this list in this sauce I want
remember that you can see all of our
recipes through that page
facebook let's continue together chain 3 there
the staff can follow us
that steals peanuts monkeys in the law of
lazy to him lazy scripted under 14
because this one who went down to 14th annual rob
They spend years and I want to also say
that there may be behind those recipes to
through the youtube page there
we are and also through the page
of cadenatres that I love and I was
in the we are seeing so much oil
very little, not much
and nothing but the delicious sauce extración
I left her with all the little seeds to me
I'm interested and what's straining is very
important
I do not want anything else
little bit thick I do not want it so watery
very good ok
the chili has some ingredient that
helps thicken us which is a
delight also the guajillo chile is
center of the republic the most but
yes language or housing and they come from
state of zacatecas de aguascalientes
are from very out there we are going to add
our flesh that I now have
previously already cooked in your corner and
Now he is very rich in the feet no brother
our meat is already cooked for
leave it carl the people who are starting
to tune in what I'm doing
backbone of sears in guajillo sauce
that is spectacular
I go for my spoon
to mix everything perfectly
and I 'm going to lend nothing more that breaks
the boiling point
well nothing more than rich this meat I
agreement I for example there is one that is
as more liquid and if my grandmother
it made of thorns that was a delight was
as well as the delicious one because from
a very rich meat that melts that
lag apart the tudelano ringo me
value so much with good salt I love
we have never made marrows here true
you do not have to do you have to do it right
I'm going to tell you that the taquitos of
marrow is very funny but in the
restaurants two marrow taquitos
they cost up to 50 pesos each
this 22 but good we go to the verdolagas
the verdolagas even in water are
delicious and it is a that the item already nothing
more the only thing we did in the kitchen
was to remove the thick stems then
It is very important and we are going to add it
my sister shrink a lot very much
time nerve pretty since this is
seasoned and alexis to our sauce
remember that it is not mature poses
tactic the seasoning and I 'm going for some
vegetables I like that the
verdolagas look also very fresh you
I'm going to put a few verdolagas
first so that they go cooking and
let's have the vegetables with the
flavor along with this thorn are our
sauce but missing about five minutes
before serving I'm going to put so much
ink is true so that when
previous diner see the verdolagas a
half-baked to become rich in rich
not that it looks good you can see that the
we have there because they are lost to us and
nothing more
this coffee you hear ugly and I think it's
which is a very good option to have them
also fresh I'm going to leave half of
my verdolagas lists and now I am going to
cover
the recipe is counted if you want
more I invite you to subscribe to the channel
youtube and so you can have with you
our virtual recipe book when
you need